Can the emergence of the Omicron variant explain the recent market drawdown?

Mini-project idea: use the @economist pandemic indicators to explain variations in the S&P500
The Dataset
The Economist "normalcy index" tracks how behavior has changed because of the pandemic. The datasets tracks 8 daily-features, normalized to the pre-pandemic levels:
1.	Number of domestic flights
2.	Box office revenue 
3.	Sport events attendance 
4.	Public transport
5.	Traffic – congestion levels in three largest cities, population-weighted average
6.	Time spent outside
7.	Retail footfall 
8.	Office occupancy - Footfall in workplaces of three largest cities, population-weighted average
The normalcy index is the weighted-average of these 8 indicators.
The S&P 500 is largely considered an essential benchmark index for the U.S. stock market. I used Yahoo Finance API to download the adjusted closed prices of the SPY ETF which tracks the S&P500.
Interesting Finding
1.	No surprises, the S&P500 and the normalcy index are positively correlated. Presumably, the recent high-gradient negative changes in the index (caused by the Omicron variant) explain the recent market drawdown and volatility. The weekly changes in the indices are correlated as well. 
2.	Since the normalcy index is predictable at least in short horizons, this risk factor can be used to predict market's movements. 
What can I check next?
1.	Compare the "beta" of different stocks to this factor, for example comparing the index pandemic-resilience stocks (e.g. technology stocks) and pandemic-sensitive stocks
2.	Does the index have predictive power over oil prices?  The market's PE ratio?

Git:
Economist data: https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/tracking-the-return-to-normalcy-after-covid-19
Yahoo finance:  https://finance.yahoo.com/
The data generated by The Economist are available under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
